LAST TIME ON YU-GI-OH! GX...
IT'S WORKING.
ZANE AND JESSE HAVE
CREATED ENOUGH DUEL ENERGY
TO WIDEN THE PORTAL.
WE MUST DEPLOY
THE MISSILE CONTAINING
THE RAINBOW DRAGON!
WE SEE THE MISSILE.
Jesse: DUEL GHOULS!
BY THE LOOKS OF THINGS,
I GUESS WE'RE GONNA HAVE
TO DUEL OUR WAY OUT!
AAH!
JADEN?!
WHAT'S UP, EVERYBODY?
I THINK WE JUST FOUND
OUR WAY OUT, GUYS!
HELLO, JADEN.
SO IF YOU'D
LIKE TO SETTLE THIS
ONCE AND FOR ALL,
MEET ME IN FRONT
OF DUEL ACADEMY.
NOW IF YOU WIN,
I'LL RELEASE
ALL THE STUDENTS
FROM MY CONTROL,
BUT SHOULD YOU LOSE,
YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS
WILL SERVE ME FOREVER!
SO WHAT DO YOU
RECKON, JADEN?
IF HE WANTS A DUEL,
HE'S GOT ONE!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
YOUR CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
JADEN, HOPE YOU'RE READY,
'CAUSE I'VE WAITED FOR
THIS DUEL A LONG TIME.
EVER SINCE CRASH LANDING
AND FINDING MYSELF DEEP BENEATH
THE EARTH'S CRUST,
MY ONE AND ONLY DESIRE
HAS BEEN TO MAKE YOU PAY
FOR SENDING ME AWAY,
AND NOW IT APPEARS THAT DAY
IS FINALLY HERE.
Alexis: SO JADEN
HAS TO REACH MARCEL
WITHIN 30 MINUTES?
Axel: YEP,
AND IF HE DOESN'T,
OUR FRIENDS WILL BE
SENT AWAY FOREVER!
HE'S RIGHT,
SO WE BETTER FIND
THAT RAINBOW DRAGON.
AND FIGURE OUT HOW
TO UNLOCK ITS POWER.
SO, BASTION,
WHAT YA RECKON?
YOU THINK THIS CARD
WILL GET US HOME?
AFTER ALL IT
TOOK TO GET IT,
IT HAD BETTER!
Bastion, thinking: THAT'S
IF I CAN FIGURE OUT
WHAT EISENSTEIN
WAS TRYING TO TELL ME.
[TRANSMISSION SOUND FAILING]
THE CARD MUST BE...
WITH ENERGY.
DEAR ME. SOMEONE
PLEASE COME IN!
IF ONLY I HAD BEEN
ABLE TO GET
MORE INFORMATION
BEFORE THE TRANSMISSION
WAS LOST.
Alexis: JADEN,
THIS DUEL MUST BE A TRAP!
WE CAN'T TRUST THIS GUY.
I'D SAY SHE'S GOT
A VALID POINT THERE, MATE.
BUT DO WE HAVE
A CHOICE?
HE'S GOT
THE UPPER HAND NOW.
SO IT LOOKS LIKE WE'LL
HAVE TO PLAY BY HIS RULES.
BUT HE DOESN'T
PLAY FAIR.
WELL IT'S
A RISK THAT I'M
GONNA HAVE TO TAKE.
I CAN'T CHANCE
LOSING ALL OUR
FRIENDS FOREVER.
I GOT TO DUEL
THIS GUY!
WELL, THEN, SARGE,
I'M GOIN' WITH YOU!
Alexis: ME, TOO.
Blair: ME THREE! WE'RE
GONNA DO THIS TOGETHER!
I'M GOING ALONE.
YOU'RE WHAT?
IT'S JUST NOT
SAFE. MARCEL'S
TOO POWERFUL.
HUH?
HMM?
HOW COME?
Jaden: WELL, I
TRIED TO STOP HIM,
BUT, YOU SEE, I--
I WAS TOO LATE.
MARCEL WAS ABLE
TO GET THE THREE
SACRED BEAST CARDS.
Blair: YOU CAN'T BLAME
YOURSELF, JADEN.
YOU TRIED
EVERYTHING YOU COULD.
Alexis: SO WHAT IF HE'S
GOT THE SACRED BEASTS?
YOU BATTLED THEM BEFORE!
RIGHT! AND YA
BEAT THEM.
SO YOU'LL JUST
HAVE TO TAME THOSE
BEASTS AGAIN!
BUT LAST TIME, BANNER
GAVE ME A SPECIAL CARD.
WITHOUT SABATIEL
THE PHILOSOPHER'S STONE,
I NEVER WOULD HAVE BEEN ABLE
TO DEFEAT THEM ON MY OWN.
THOSE SACRED BEASTS
ALMOST HAD ME FOR DINNER.
DUEL...
THAT'S IT! I FIGURED IT OUT!
Hassleberry:
FIGURED WHAT OUT?
Bastion: WHAT EISENSTEIN
WAS TRYING TO TELL US
BEFORE THE TRANSMISSION
CUT OUT.
REMEMBER? HE WAS GOING
TO EXPLAIN HOW
TO UNLOCK THE DRAGON.
THE SACRED BEASTS,
THEY'RE OUR TICKET
OUT OF HERE.
ARE YOU SURE
ABOUT THAT?
THOSE THINGS
ARE SO STRONG!
I KNOW!
THE KEY MUST BE
SUMMONING THE DRAGON
DURING A DUEL,
WHERE ITS POWER
COULD BE RELEASED.
THAT DRAGON WOULD HAVE
TO BE IN A PRETTY
POWERFUL BATTLE NOW.
INDEED IT WOULD.
AND HERE'S HOW.
THE RAINBOW
DRAGON MUST GO
UP AGAINST
THE THREE
SACRED BEASTS.
YOU SURE?
JUST THINK ABOUT IT.
IF THE RAINBOW DRAGON
FOUGHT THEM,
THEN MAYBE
THE ENERGY RELEASED
WOULD AWAKEN ITS FULL POWER
AND OPEN THE PORTAL.
AND THEN WE COULD
GO BACK HOME.
EXACTLY! NOW THAT
DRAGON CARD HAS
TO BE SUMMONED.
OF COURSE WE HAVE
TO FIND THE CARD
FIRST, BUT...
Jesse: THERE'S
NO TIME TO WASTE.
I'M GOING TO FIND
THE RAINBOW DRAGON.
AND WHEN I DO,
THOSE BEASTS WON'T
KNOW WHAT HIT THEM!
SO YOU STALL MARCEL,
AND THEN I'LL JOIN YOU
WITH THE CARD.
SOUNDS GOOD.
I'LL GO WITH YA, JESSE.
Jim: WE GOT COMPANY,
THE KIND THAT
DROOLS AND DUELS!
Hassleberry:
THEY'RE SLOUCHING DOWN
THIS TUNNEL, TOO.
CAN WE ESCAPE THROUGH
THAT TUNNEL, AXEL?
NO DICE.
WE'RE SURROUNDED.
Hassleberry:
IT'S AN AMBUSH.
GET READY,
'CAUSE WE GOT TO GET
JADEN TO THAT DUEL
BEFORE TIME RUNS OUT!
AT LEAST WE'VE GOT
A GAME PLAN NOW.
LOT OF GOOD THAT IS.
BECAUSE IT'S
GAME OVER IF WE
CAN'T ESCAPE.
DUEL...
THOSE DUEL GHOULS
ARE CLOSING IN FAST!
Jim: SO LET'S GET
OUT OF HERE!
AGREED! JESSE, ONCE
WE GET TO THE SURFACE,
YOU AND AXEL HAVE GOT
TO FIND THE RAINBOW
DRAGON CARD!
WILL DO!
GUYS, WE GOT
NO TIME TO LOSE.
SO GET READY TO GET
YOUR GAME ON!
TIME TO RAM ON
THROUGH!
EVERYONE FALL IN
BEHIND ME!
STAY TOGETHER!
I'LL COVER OUR BACKS.
AND I'LL BACK
THAT UP!
ALL RIGHT, GANG,
LET'S SHOW THESE
GHOULS HOW TO DUEL!
Hassleberry: YOU HEARD
THE MAN! CHARGE!
KEEP GOING. I'LL HOLD
THESE GUYS OFF.
BE CAREFUL!
SAY G'DAY TO MY FOSSIL
WARRIOR SKULL KNIGHT!
CHECK IT OUT!
THAT'S WHERE WE
GOT TO GO!
Bastion: ANCIENT GEAR
SOLDIER AT 9 O'CLOCK!
Hassleberry:
THAT SOLDIER'S NO MATCH
FOR MY DARK DRICERATOPS!
NOW, YOU THREE, GO!
Jaden: WAY TO EARN
YOUR STRIPES, HASSLEBERRY!
ALL RIGHT, BIG GUY, TEAR
THAT HUNK OF JUNK UP!
DUEL...
WHOA!
OH!
Bastion: WE'RE
RUNNING OUT OF TIME!
AH!
Jaden: THANKS FOR
THE BACK-UP, LEXI!
[ALEXIS GASPS]
[BLAIR SCREAMS IN DISTANCE]
LOOKS LIKE JADEN'S IN
A MUCK OF TROUBLE.
QUICK, ALEXIS. LET'S
GIVE HIM SOME BACK-UP!
THIS SHOULD HELP!
CYBER ANGEL,
LEND 'EM A HAND!
DUEL...
JESSE, LET'S FIND
THAT DRAGON!
ALL RIGHT! THIS WAY.
NOT WORTH IT!
LET'S DUEL, JADEN.
Jaden: HERE THEY COME!
DON'T DO IT, J!
YOU HAVEN'T
GOT THE TIME!
NOW GET TO MARCEL!
THANKS, MAN!
I SUMMON BLACK TYRANNO!
AND I'LL PLAY
OXYGEDDON
AND HYDROGEDDON!
Syrus: THEY'RE NO MATCH FOR
MY PATROID AND GYROID!
I GOT AN IDEA.
COBALT EAGLE, I NEED YA!
HIT THE SKIES AND
LOOK FOR THE CAPSULE
RAINBOW DRAGON IS IN.
ONE BIRD'S-EYE VIEW
COMING UP!
HE'S BEING
FLANKED!
COBALT,
LOOK OUT!
ALLOW ME.
NICE!
LET'S GO.
OK.
I SUMMON WATER DRAGON!
THAT'S A WASH!
GO, INFERNAL
INCINERATOR!
Jesse: GET DOWN!
UH!
COBALT EAGLE, SEE ANYTHING?
NOT YET.
WHERE COULD IT BE?!
WAIT A SEC.
WOULD YOU BELIEVE
WE WERE THIS CLOSE?
HE'S CIRCLING
SOMETHING!
LET'S MOVE.
Hassleberry: WE GOT
OURSELVES A REAL DUELIN'
FIRE FIGHT ON OUR HANDS!
HE'S BUSTING OUT
THE BIG BLASTERS NOW!
BRACE YOURSELVES!
ALEXIS!
HURRY. THE DUEL!
YEAH, BUT...
YOU HAVE TO!
AH, MAN. FINE.
Syrus: YOU'RE NOT
GONNA MAKE IT, JADEN.
HEY THERE,
LITTLE MAN!
YOU AIN'T GONNA
STOP HIM,
'CAUSE I ACTIVATE
JURASSIC IMPACT!
HOW'S THAT FOR
A LITTLE PREHISTORIC
PREVENTION?
OH, YEAH. THAT
DID THE TRICK!
OH, NO! YOU OK?
Blair:
OVER THERE!
Jaden:
IT'S YOU.
MARCEL.
HA HA HA! GLAD TO SEE
YOU MADE IT,
AND IN THE NICK
OF TIME, TOO!
WELL, YOU SURE
DIDN'T MAKE IT EASY,
BUT NOTHING WAS
GONNA STOP ME!
Blair: I CAN'T LET
YOU DO THIS!
DON'T COME ANY CLOSER!
THAT ARM, THAT'S
WHAT ATTACKED ME BEFORE!
JADEN, I ONLY WANT YOU.
TELL HER TO LEAVE.
NO MORE DEMANDS!
YOU'RE DONE
CALLING THE SHOTS.
THAT'S NOT MARCEL,
BLAIR.
HE'S BEING USED
BY SOMETHING,
AND I THINK
IT'S TIME WE FOUND
OUT BY WHAT!
NOW, NOW. I PROMISE
EVERYTHING WILL BECOME
MUCH CLEARER SOON ENOUGH,
[VOICE OF YOUNG BOY]
STARTING RIGHT NOW.
WOULDN'T YOU AGREE,
MY DEAR JADEN?
THAT'S THE VOICE I
HEARD IN MY DREAM.
DON'T YOU
REMEMBER ME?
WHY WON'T YOU COME
AND PLAY, JADEN?
SO WHO ARE YOU,
REALLY?
DON'T YOU KNOW YET?
I'M YOUR OLD FRIEND.
OLD FRIEND?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
NOW TELL ME
WHAT'S REALLY
GOING ON HERE.
[CHUCKLES]
YOU'RE SO MEAN.
I GUESS YOU'VE GROWN UP
AND FORGOTTEN ME.
THAT'S OK. YOU WERE
JUST A SILLY LITTLE
KID BACK THEN.
I DIDN'T FORGET.
HOW COULD I AFTER
WHAT YOU DID?
NOW THAT YOU'RE HERE,
I'M GONNA MAKE YOU
REMEMBER EVERYTHING,
ESPECIALLY HOW IT ENDED
AND HOW YOU ABANDONED ME.
NOW, LOOK, I DON'T
KNOW WHAT YOU'RE
TALKING ABOUT,
BUT YOU'RE GONNA
BE SORRY.
YOU MESSED
WITH MY FRIENDS!
AND NO ONE GETS AWAY
WITH THAT.
WE'LL SEE, JADEN.
Jaden: GAME ON!
Axel: YOUR EAGLE'S STILL
CIRCLING UP THERE.
LET'S HOPE HE FOUND
THE CAPSULE!
HE SURE DID!
RAINBOW DRAGON
MUST BE IN THERE!
LET'S MOVE.
YEAH.
NOW WHAT?
UH, FRIEND OF YOURS?
NEVER MET HIM BEFORE!
THE CAPSULE!
NICE SHOOTING!
I'M OUT OF CARD AMMO!
HEADS UP!
AAH! UH!
I'M GETTIN' THE CAPSULE!
HERE GOES.
BE CAREFUL!
GOOD LUCK, JES!
LOOK OUT!
JESSE!
OH, NO! AAH!
NICE GOING.
YOU GOT IT!
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU'RE REAL!
THIS IS AMAZING!
MAN, DID YOU SEE THAT?
I THINK IT CHOSE ME.
LIKE THE OTHERS.
YEAH. IT THINKS
I'M WORTHY!
I DID IT. ALL RIGHT!
I DID IT! I COMPLETED
THE CRYSTAL BEAST DECK!
ALL RIGHT.
YOU ALL DONE
TALKING TO
THE SKY OVER THERE?
YEAH. NOW LET'S GET
THIS CARD TO JADEN
AND GET OURSELVES HOME!
[VOICE OF MARCEL]
HOPE YOU'RE READY.
IT'S MY MOVE!
AND I SUMMON CHAOS CORE.
IT'S GOT
NO ATTACK POINTS.
NOW I PLAY A FACEDOWN.
LET'S SEE WHAT
YOU'VE GOT, JADEN.
DON'T WORRY.
I'LL SHOW YA!
FIRST UP,
I SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO
SPARKMAN!
Jaden, thinking:
I'M SURE HE SET
SOME KIND OF TRAP.
I'M NOT LOOKING TO
WIN JUST YET.
I GOT TO DRAW THIS
DUEL OUT AND KEEP
THINGS INTERESTING
UNTIL JESSE SHOWS UP
WITH THE RAINBOW
DRAGON CARD.
I HOPE THIS BUYS
ENOUGH TIME.
Jaden:
SPARKMAN, FIRE AWAY!
GO, STATIC SHOCKWAVE!
SORRY, BUT
CHAOS CORE'S SPECIAL
ABILITY ACTIVATES.
WHEN IT'S ATTACKED,
IT CAN EASILY DEFUSE
YOUR SPARKMAN.
BUT I DO HAVE TO PAY
A SMALL PRICE.
I HAVE TO SEND
ALL THREE SACRED BEASTS
TO MY GRAVEYARD.
I DISCARD THE LORD
OF SEARING FLAMES,
HAMON, LORD OF THUNDER,
AND THE PHANTASM LORD.
AND IN EXCHANGE,
I TAKE NO DAMAGE.
SHOCKED YET?
GOT ANYTHING ELSE
FOR ME?
YEAH, SURE. JUST,
UH, GIMME A SEC.
I THROW DOWN
A FACEDOWN.
AND THAT'S ALL
FOR NOW.
[CHUCKLES]
VERY WELL, THEN.
HERE GOES!
I'LL PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN
AND THEN END MY TURN.
THAT'LL BE ALL FOR NOW.
IT'S YOUR MOVE!
Jaden, thinking:
OK, BRAIN, LET'S
THINK ABOUT THIS.
WHY WOULD HE DISCARD
ALL THREE SACRED BEASTS?
MAYBE BY SENDING THEM
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
HE'S LOOKIN' TO
SURPRISE ME LATER ON
BY SOMEHOW SUMMONING
THEM STRAIGHT
TO THE FIELD.
BUT SINCE
MY FACEDOWN CARD
NEGATES ALL EFFECTS
THAT AFFECT
THE GRAVEYARD,
HE'LL BE THE ONE IN
FOR A SURPRISE!
HERE I GO!
I ACTIVATE THE TAG
REQUEST SPELL CARD!
AND NOW I
GET TO SUMMON
AN ELEMENTAL HERO
AS LONG AS IT'S GOT
THE SAME ATTACK
POINTS AS SPARKMAN.
AND THE HERO I CHOOSE
IS NECROSHADE!
NOW ATTACK
HIS CHAOS CORE!
GO, DARK SHADOW
SLASH!
[NECROSHADE GROWLS]
PERHAPS I DIDN'T EXPLAIN
MY MOVE RIGHT.
SO SORRY. YOU SEE,
BY DISCARDING
ALL THREE BEASTS,
I CAN TAKE ZERO DAMAGE
THREE TIMES.
AND THIS WOULD BE
JUST THE SECOND.
YEAH, WELL...
HERE COMES THE THIRD!
AND STILL
NO DAMAGE!
NOT YET BUT SOON.
NOW I ACTIVATE
INSTANT FUSION
AND FUSE SPARKMAN
WITH NECROSHADE
TO FORM...
ELEMENTAL HERO
DARKBRIGHT!
[GROWLS]
THAT WAS
MY THIRD ATTACK,
SO YOU'RE WIDE OPEN!
AND I'M ABOUT
TO ROCK YOUR CHAOS
STRAIGHT TO THE CORE!
DARKBRIGHT,
ATTACK HIS CHAOS!
JADEN, YOU STILL
DUEL THE SAME WAY.
YOU NEVER THINK
THINGS THROUGH.
I PLAY MY TRAP--
CHAOS BURST!
YOU SEE, WHEN ONE OF
YOUR MONSTERS ATTACKS,
I CAN DESTROY
A MONSTER ON MY FIELD
AS WELL AS YOUR
DARKBRIGHT.
BUT DON'T YOU FEEL
TOO LEFT OUT
BECAUSE YOU TAKE
DAMAGE EQUAL TO YOUR
MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS.
[JADEN GROANING]
[CHUCKLING SINISTERLY]
IT HURTS, RIGHT?
JUST WAIT AND SEE.
THE BEST
IS YET TO COME.
BETTER MAKE THIS COUNT.
I PLAY A SPELL CARD--
O-OVERSOUL!
AND WITH IT, I CAN
SUMMON SPARKMAN
BACK FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
I CAN BEAT THAT.
I SUMMON
PHANTOM OF CHAOS.
WHAT? ZERO POINTS AGAIN?
WHAT MY PHANTOM LACKS
IN STRENGTH
IS EASILY MADE UP FOR
BY ITS SPECIAL ABILITY!
PREPARE YOURSELF!
BECAUSE ONCE A TURN,
PHANTOM OF CHAOS
CAN TAKE ON
THE SPECIAL ABILITY
OF A MONSTER THAT I
HAVE IN MY GRAVE.
AND I NOMINATE HAMON,
LORD OF THUNDER!
I WAS READY FOR
A PLAY LIKE THAT.
AND HERE'S WHY.
I PLAY HERO'S RULE 2!
WITH THIS CARD
IN PLAY, YOUR GRAVE
IS OFF-LIMITS!
JADEN, YOU'RE
SO PREDICTABLE!
OH, WELL.
I PLAY A TRAP!
DARK SHRINE BRIBERY!
WITH THIS YOU GET
TO DRAW AGAIN, BUT YOUR
TRAP GOES BYE-BYE.
FINE.
NOW WHERE
WERE WE?
OH, YES. NOW
PHANTOM OF CHAOS'
ABILITY ACTIVATES!
I SUMMON HAMON,
LORD OF THUNDER!
NOT GOOD!
A SACRED BEAST!
[THUNDER]
GO, HAMON!
ATTACK JADEN!
CERULEAN SKYFIRE!
[SPARKMAN SCREAMS]
NOT SPARKMAN!
DON'T THROW A FIT.
THE HAMON I SUMMONED
ISN'T THE REAL THING.
IT'S AN ILLUSION.
IF IT DESTROYS A MONSTER, IT
CAN'T DO ANY DAMAGE TO YOU,
BUT ITS SPECIAL ABILITY
IS A DIFFERENT STORY.
IT TAKES AWAY 1,000
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS!
AAH!
JADEN, NO!
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
WITH THIS BEING
MY END PHASE,
MY PHANTOM'S
SPECIAL ABILITY IS
NO LONGER IN PLAY
AND SO IT REVERTS BACK
TO ITS ORIGINAL FORM.
YOU'LL BE SEEING MORE
OF THE SACRED BEASTS LATER.
I PROMISE.
COME ON. LIGHTEN UP.
[VOICE OF YOUNG BOY]
ISN'T THIS FUN?!
I'M GETTING TO
HURT YOU, JADEN,
JUST LIKE YOU HURT ME
THOSE MANY YEARS AGO.
DO YOU REMEMBER YET?
JADEN!
HUH?
JESSE! ABOUT TIME!
WE DID IT, J! WE GOT IT!
THE DRAGON?
FINALLY...
YOU ALL RIGHT?
MM-HMM.
YOU GOOD?
YOU BET.
GOOD ENOUGH.
BUT SY--I
THINK MY ATTACK
KNOCKED
HIM PRETTY HARD.
HE'S ALL RIGHT.
HE'S TAKING A BIT OF A NAP.
GATHER EVERYONE
INTO THE SCHOOL.
GET 'EM READY.
RIGHT!
WE'LL TAKE IT
FROM HERE.
NOW, AXEL,
YOU GO KEEP
AN EYE
ON THAT
DUEL, OK?
NO ONE GETS LEFT BEHIND.
I'M WITH YA.
JADEN, HOW YA FARING?
I'M GOOD.
CAN YOU BELIEVE IT, BUDDY?
WE FOUND THE DRAGON.
OH, YEAH! PUT IT
RIGHT THERE.
I KNEW THAT YOU
AND AXEL WOULD BE
ABLE TO FIND IT!
Boy, thinking:
WHO IS THIS KID?
EVER SINCE HE SHOWED UP,
JADEN'S BEEN SMILING.
JADEN'S HAVING MORE
FUN WITH HIM THAN
HE'S HAVING WITH ME.
IT'S NOT FAIR!
HEADS UP. I WANT INTO
THIS DUEL RIGHT NOW!
WHAT?
WE'RE GONNA FORM US
A LITTLE TAG TEAM!
IN RETURN, YOUR
LIFE POINTS ARE
GONNA GO UP A BIT.
YOU'LL GET A BONUS
EQUAL TO MINE.
SO WHAT DO YA
SAY THERE, HOSS?
I GET EXTRA LIFE POINTS?
I ACCEPT.
HEH. WAIT TILL HE GETS
A LOAD OF RAINBOW DRAGON!
SINCE JADEN LIKES
THIS KID SO MUCH,
IT'LL BE A PLEASURE TO
MAKE HIM SUFFER AS WELL!
NOW, LET'S SHOW HIM
WHAT YOU GET WHEN YOU
MESS WITH THE BEST.
SO LET'S TAKE THIS GUY DOWN
AND GET US BACK TO
THE WORLD WE BELONG IN!
YEAH!
GAME ON!
Blair, thinking:
NOW IF THEY DON'T WIN THIS,
WE'RE ALL GONNA LOSE...
♪ CHILLING
OUT WITH YOUR CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT
CLASS, THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪